Lao Wang is stubborn
Open your mouth for me
You losers
Give me the stuff.
Hmph, I didn't want to talk to an ant like you
But today you dirty my most precious thing
I'm afraid I can't keep it.
Stop it!
You don't even look at the place
This is the territory of Yueshi Group
I can't let you mess around here
You are Yue Xiaorao, President of Yue's Group
young
The most prosperous family in Guozhou
I don't know if you spelled it out or slept it out
Ahaha
Ha ha.
I am the vice president of the Guangzhou branch of the engagement group
Stinky bitch, you're dying
Ah, are you all right?
Thank you beautiful woman for your help
As long as you don't steal or rob
Work by skill
Everyone deserves respect
No effort
Not enough not to press